Revert `standalone` path to point to `sessions` (#886)
checkout/checkout-api-reference: nas_spec/changelog.md

| Date       | Description of change                                                                                                 |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 2023/03/21 | Modified `Standalone` API path to correctly point to `sessions` for retrocompatibility reasons                        |

Reviewer: Reason for suggestion: backward compatible is the recommended term in our writers' style guide.

```suggestion
| 2023/03/21 | Modified `Standalone` API path to correctly point to `sessions` for backward compatible reasons                        |
```
